I think owning and renting really depends on your comfortable ity of having
or being a landlord. If you're going to be at a location for three
years. I don't think it's a bad idea. Thio by, ah, property that's
affordable. Nothing outside of your range, living it for three years
and then possibly turn it into a rental property. Now, mind you
knowing the history of that area and knowing that there's always going
to be military people around, that would be a safe bet to do, but
really depends on your comfortable Ah, you know, attitude towards
having a rental apartment, but buying if you're there for a long enough,
if you're there for a short amount of time, I would consider renting.